hey I'm Bobby Lee and I'm playing video
games with my girlfriend kalila and we
just got this UFC game I've never played
it we've not played in my house yeah and
so then your Jesus lioness with if you
lose sweetie I get to ride on your back
like I get to be like a horsey and if if
you lose I get to put you in a
guillotine or a rear naked choke all
right but I'm gonna hurt I'm gonna ride
you like a horsey and be very
humiliating okay and you have to make
the noises the horse he knows is play
baby swing yeah wait and I'm gonna do
that right in your face like that boom
yeah look at this take down take down
baby
on top of them come on top baby gosh oh
oh shit get off their back you homo
sorry guys first of all that was homo
and I didn't want him to do that I
didn't mean to fucking I'm a very big
supporter of the LGBT communities when I
say homo I don't mean it in a negative
way I don't mean in a Republican way but
that shit was fag shit I love Ellen boom
look at something man it'll be the
fucking thing oh the gay thing again
don't you back me sweetie no don't you
back cover up cover up sweetie I don't
want don't pop her from behind
oh yeah I blend you out go back in the
head didn't even disqualify me it's over
baby it's over
[Applause]
what does it put me in it
you owe me to put you to sleep do not
put me to sleep okay do it sweetie tap
I'm so sorry I love you okay I love you
fucking whore sweetie what do you should
have tapped sooner I know but I don't
know you made his life - you doing
anything sweetie don't do the next thing
do or arms or whatever but what arm boy
yeah okay next husband and then I get to
ride you like a horsey still look at
this dude he's half Korean who is Ben
Benson Ben Anderson did that's not
Korean he's half Korean his mommies if
there was a Korean that looked like that
they would kill it that's a handsome
I've never met a queen named Benson
Henderson we're gonna be ganking the guy
I'm gonna be Benson oh you're gonna be
Benson you're gonna pick the fucking the
Newton Korean he's very handsome so
basically just saying that Lando
Calrissian is fucking Korean
Luigi peddle looks so bad that
I never look at them I hate donut
another guys like welcome to cloud city
skip I can see my axe kick boom right to
your dome there's an exchange for them
get kick Benson oh oh
side control daddy that's a good one why
does that happen if we go no game no
game no game
what get off your back BJ found Benson
ground-and-pound
Oh full mouth Benson ground-and-pound
threaten him out like a little bitch
that he is it's over
Oh daddy what happened what is this what
is this next move
there's an armbar you have to tap I will
snap your arm what do I do with this
alright go okay good yeah we're gonna
fucking hate this game what you would do
a third one what are the stakes though
I'll put you in a guillotine it's that's
a really bad joke if I do choke y'all by
accident guillotine yeah yeah but you
got to do it slowly you would last time
you do you did it really fast I know but
just do it slowly you can do it slowly
it's a sweetie you gotta be real life
ready you got are you ready for combat
the zombie apocalypse look that's why
you can't be in my zombie apocalypse atm
that's what she said he and what could
the other night this is what she said is
what she said if there was a zombie
apocalypse she said I'm out of the team
she would run off with her crew and I
would be eating a beloved that's fucking
the only reason the only reason that I
would keep you in is strictly for bait
like an offering to the zombies sweetie
you can't run you know what sweetie that
is so rude and that's not love basically
what you'll be doing is it's like you'd
have me on a stick and I'd be outside
the fence okay eat this guy that's
fucking bullshit
yeah can I get my fucking body ready oh
my god yeah hurt yeah dead baby and it's
fucking bullshit
look at the fancy mustache he's pretty
good I'll go with Mighty Mouse then you
don't even Catholic
I know we're gonna need help I swear it
my neck hurts so bad I'm sorry
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks Russ by Johnson oh my god sweetie
you went to the ground I said not to go
to the ground I don't fuckin understand
what the fuck happened I pressed the
buttons to you and he's just like is
Mighty Mouse daddy his nicknames in
Mighty Mouse what is it what is it it's
a guillotine but do it slowly because
I'm old
how you doing it just tell me how it
goes then I wrap my legs or do it put it
put the legs around me do that and then
not do it into like hold on okay you got
a tap Bobby oh I just read you're like a
bitch get the fuck out of here alright
so anyway that was the UFC we've never
bought playing this again but anyway
thank you so much I got my channel and
my girlfriend is this fucked up man
where did you do that
what because nothing my eyes do none of
my eyes again I swear to God
what Asian drivers do in real life Oh